CASMCMS-9521 - document cray cli console login password visibility. (#6288)
Cray-HPE/docs-csm: operations/conman/Log_in_to_a_Node_Using_ConMan.md

## Limitations

* Encryption of compute node logs is not enabled, so the passwords may be passed in clear text.
* Tenant access restriction requires use of the Cray CLI method. Direct access to ConMan within a K8S pod does not restrict access by tenant.
* If the user is a member of a tenant, then only the consoles for that tenant are available.

> ## Procedure to Log in using the Cray CLI

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## Procedure to log in using the Cray CLI
```

> ## Procedure to log in using the Cray CLI

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## Log in using the Cray CLI

### Sensitive input echoed when using CLI to access console

```

> > **`IMPORTANT`** When using the `cray` CLI for access and a password is required it will be visible on the

Reviewer: ```suggestion
> **`IMPORTANT`** When using the `cray` CLI for access and a password is required, it will be visible on the
```

> screen as it is being typed. The websocket connection is secure and the password will not be recorded

> > in the console logs but it will be visible to anyone looking at your screen. If this is a concern, use

Reviewer: ```suggestion
> in the console logs but it will be visible on the screen and will be captured by a `screen` session. If this is a concern, use
```

> > the procedure below to log in using ConMan directly within a K8S pod.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
> the [procedure to log in using ConMan directly within a Kubernetes pod](#procedure-to-log-in-using-conman-directly-within-a-kubernetes-pod).
```

> > **`IMPORTANT`** When using the `cray` CLI for access and a password is required, it will be visible on the
> > screen as it is being typed. The websocket connection is secure and the password will not be recorded
> > in the console logs but it will be visible on the screen and will be captured by a `screen` session. If this is a concern, use
> > the [procedure to log in using ConMan directly within a Kubernetes pod](#procedure-to-log-in-using-conman-directly-within-a-kubernetes-pod).
> >

Reviewer: ```suggestion
**`IMPORTANT`** When using the `cray` CLI for access and a password is required, it will be visible on the screen as it is
being typed. The websocket connection is secure and the password will not be recorded in the console logs but it will be
visible on the screen and will be captured by a `screen` session. If this is a concern, use the procedure to
[log in using ConMan directly within a Kubernetes pod](#log-in-using-conman-directly-within-a-kubernetes-pod).

### Procedure to log in using Cray CLI

```

## Limitations

* Encryption of compute node logs is not enabled, so the passwords may be passed in clear text.

> * Tenant access restriction requires use of the Cray CLI method. Direct access to ConMan within a K8S pod does not restrict access by tenant.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Tenant access restriction requires use of the Cray CLI method. Direct access to ConMan within a Kubernetes pod does not restrict access by tenant.
```

> * If the user is a member of a tenant, then only the consoles for that tenant are available.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* If the user is a member of a tenant, then only the consoles for that tenant are available when using the CLI.
```

## Log in using the Cray CLI

### Sensitive input echoed when using CLI to access console

> 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```

## Limitations

* Encryption of compute node logs is not enabled, so the passwords may be passed in clear text.
* Tenant access restriction requires use of the Cray CLI method. Direct access to ConMan within a Kubernetes pod does not restrict access by tenant.
* If the user is a member of a tenant, then only the consoles for that tenant are available when using the CLI.

## Log in using the Cray CLI

### Sensitive input echoed when using CLI to access console

**`IMPORTANT`** When using the `cray` CLI for access and a password is required, it will be visible on the screen as it is

> being typed. The websocket connection is secure and the password will not be recorded in the console logs but it will be

Reviewer: ```suggestion
being typed. The websocket connection is secure and the password will not be recorded in the console logs, but it will be
```

> visible on the screen and will be captured by a `screen` session. If this is a concern, use the procedure to

Reviewer: ```suggestion
visible on the screen and will be captured by a `screen` session, if one is running. If this is a concern, use the procedure to
```

    <ConMan> Connection to console [x3000c0s19b1n0] closed.
    Connection closed by the server.
    ```

> ## Procedure to Log in using ConMan Directly Within a K8S Pod

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## Procedure to log in using ConMan directly within a Kubernetes pod
```

> ## Procedure to log in using ConMan directly within a Kubernetes pod

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## Log in using ConMan directly within a Kubernetes pod
```
